word	definition	language
importunate	troublesomely urgent, persistent	English
strenuous	(adj) requiring or using great effort or exertion	English
virtuosity	(n) great skill in music or another artistic pursuit	English
exorcise	(v) drive out or attempt to drive out (a supposed evil spirit) from a person or place	English
envoy	(n) a messenger or representative, especially one on a diplomatic mission	English
eschew	(v) avoid sth not right for	English
zeal for	(n) someone's interest in something	English
investiture	(n) a ceremony in which someone is given an official rank, authority, power, etc.	English
summon	(v) to ask someone to present at a particular event	English
homage	(n) special honour or respect shown publicly	English
verbatim	in exactly the same words as were used originally	English
strangle	to kill someone by pressing their throat so that they can not breath	English
Evangelism	Evangelism is the proclamation of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, aiming to bring individuals to faith and salvation, often working hand-in-hand with discipleship and missions.	English
blacklash	strong negative reaction by a large number of people	English
expropriate	(v)(of the state) take property from its owner for public use	English
酱 油	Đây là nước tương.	Chinese
剥 鸡 蛋 皮	Tôi muốn bóc vỏ trứng.	Chinese
捞	muỗng	Chinese
换 衣 服	Thay quần áo	Chinese
紫 薯	Và đây là khoai lang tím.	Chinese
鸡 胸 肉	Đây là ức gà.	Chinese
治 愈	Từ "chữa lành, chữa lành, chữa lành" có nghĩa là gì?	Chinese
一 点	Dần dần	Chinese
好 香	Mùi thơm quá!	Chinese
预 热	Làm nóng trước	Chinese
壶 嘴	Chúng ta sẽ gọi đây là vòi.	Chinese
很 干	Mỗi sáng thức dậy, cổ họng tôi đều rất khô.	Chinese
用 工 作	Không làm việc vào Chủ nhật	Chinese
aforementioned	denoting a thing or person previously mentioned	English
买东西	Go shopping (mǎi dōng xi)	Chinese
试穿衣服	Try on clothes (shì chuān yī fú)	Chinese
退货	Return goods (tuì huò)	Chinese
打折	Discount (dǎ zhé)	Chinese
会员卡	Membership card (huì yuán kǎ)	Chinese
信用卡	Credit card (xìn yòng kǎ)	Chinese
现金	Cash (xiàn jīn)	Chinese
支付宝	Alipay (zhī fù bǎo)	Chinese
礼品包装	Gift wrapping (lǐ pǐn bāo zhuāng)	Chinese
购物车	Shopping cart (gòu wù chē)	Chinese
购物袋	Shopping bag (gòu wù dài)	Chinese
价格标签	Price tag (jià gé biāo qiān)	Chinese
试衣间	Fitting room (shì yī jiān)	Chinese
购物中心	Shopping mall (gòu wù zhōng xīn)	Chinese
促销活动	Promotional event (cù xiāo huó dòng)	Chinese
购物清单	Shopping list (gòu wù qīng dān)	Chinese
退换货	Exchange goods (tuì huàn huò)	Chinese
购物网站	Shopping website (gòu wù wǎng zhàn)	Chinese
购物体验	Shopping experience (gòu wù tǐ yàn)	Chinese
购物狂	Shopaholic (gòu wù kuáng)	Chinese
吃饭	Eat a meal (chī fàn)	Chinese
睡觉	Go to sleep (shuì jiào)	Chinese
看电影	Watch a movie (kàn diàn yǐng)	Chinese
上班	Go to work (shàng bān)	Chinese
打电话	Make a phone call (dǎ diàn huà)	Chinese
做作业	Do homework (zuò zuò yè)	Chinese
买东西	Go shopping (mǎi dōng xi)	Chinese
开车	Drive a car (kāi chē)	Chinese
下雨	It's raining (xià yǔ)	Chinese
喝茶	Drink tea (hē chá)	Chinese
吃早餐	Eat breakfast (chī zǎo cān)	Chinese
喝咖啡	Drink coffee (hē kā fēi)	Chinese
看书	Read a book (kàn shū)	Chinese
写信	Write a letter (xiě xìn)	Chinese
听音乐	Listen to music (tīng yīn yuè)	Chinese
运动	Exercise (yùn dòng)	Chinese
学习	Study (xué xí)	Chinese
旅游	Travel (lǚ yóu)	Chinese
买票	Buy a ticket (mǎi piào)	Chinese
打扫	Clean up (dǎ sǎo)	Chinese
temper tantrums	unpleasant and disruptive behaviours of children	English
buttocks	bottom (human body)	English
colossal	extremely large	English
hog	n. a pig esp. one allowed to grow large so that it can be used as food	English
table	to delay discussion of a subject	English
appeasement	the act of giving the opposing side in an argument or war an advantage that they have demanded, in order to prevent further disagreement :	English
condemn	to criticize strongly for moral reason	English
partiality	the fact of unfairly preferring or approving of something	English
debunk	prove to be false	English
buttress	support	English
moment	importance	English
adjudicate	judge	English
telling	significant	English
lacerate	distress deeply	English
rebuke	critize severely	English
refute	disprove	English
rudimentary	basic	English
unforthcoming	not cooperative	English
catalysm	violent upheaval	English
squelch	suppress	English
elicit	call forth	English
immaterial	irrelevant	English
dispassionate	objective	English
cardinal	most important	English
assuage	make less severe	English
complacent	contented to a fault	English
untenable	indefensible. (Example: with the combination of Kepler's brillian theories and Galileo's telescopic observations, the old geocentric theory became (blank) to most of the educated people in Europe.)	English
vitriolic	hash in tone	English
credence	belief	English
bromide	unoriginal remark	English
irresolute	uncertain how to act	English
inadvertent	unintentional	English
incriminate	to make someone seem guilty, especially of a crime	English
disabuse	lead one from error. As a child, I was quickly (blank) of the notion that Santa Claus was a rotund benefactor of infinite largess	English
approbatory	showing approval. Although it might not be her best work, Hunter's new novel has received generally approbatory reviews.	English
wanting	lacking. She did not think her vocabulary was (blank), yet there were so many words that inevitably she found a few she didn't know	English
genial	aggreable	English
hobble	hold back	English
deleterious	harmful	English
indict	accuse formally	English
reproach	criticize	English
hedge	limit a statement (when asked why he had decided to buy millions of share at the very moment the tech companies stock soared, the CEO hedged, mentioning something vague about gut instinct)	English
brusquely	bluntly	English
blunt	insensitive	English
discursive	tangential	English
snub	reject bluntly	English
impugn	call into question (Though many initially tried to ... Darwin's theory, in scientific circles today, the idea is taken as truth)	English
inclement	lacking mercy (the judge, ... as always gave the prisoner, despite all the tears, a full sentence)	English
imbroglio	confusing situation (The chef cook-off featured one gourmand who had the unfortunate distinction of mixing the wrong broths, creating an .. That diners would not soon forget)	English
culminate	reach high point (Beethoven's musical genius ... in the 9th Symphony, which many consider his greatest work)	English
incense	make furious (When Herb bought football tickets for a game on the day of their wedding anniversary, Jill was ...)	English
circumvent	get out of duty	English
recrimination	mutual attacks (The two brothers sat and cried, pointing fingers and making elaborate .. Of the others' guilt	English
pedestrian	lacking imagination (while Nan was always engaged in philosophical speculation, her brother was occupied with far more ... concerns: how to earn a salary and run a household)	English
concomitant	accompanying (... with his desire for nature was a desire for the culture and energy of a big city)	English
stem	limit growth (To .. The tide of applications, the prestigious Ivy requires that each applicant score at least 330 on the revised GRE)	English
facile	lacking depth (Many news shows provide .. Explanations to complex politics, so I prefer to read in-depth reporting of the New York Times)	English
abrogate	overturn a law (As part of the agreement between the labor union and the company, the worker .. Their right to strike for four years in exchange for better health insurance)	English
malapropism	confusing similar words (Whenever I looked glum, my mother would offer to share an amusing antidote wit me - an endearing ... of anecdote that never failed to cheer me up)	English
glean	collect (Herb has given us no formal statement about his background, but from various hints, I have ... that he grew up in difficult circumstances)	English
redress	correct unfairness (Barry's ... for forgetting his wife's birthday two years in a row was surprising her with a trip to Tahiti)	English
apposite	appropriate (For a writer with such quick wit, Jonathan Swift has a rather .. Name)	English
moot	irrelevant (Since the Board just terminated Steve as the CEO, the finance committee's opinion of his marketing plan for next year is now ..)	English
unconscionable	unreasonable (The lawyer's demands were so ... that rather than pay an exorbitant sum or submit himself to any other inconveniences, the defendant decided to find a new lawyer)	English
promulgate	officially make known (The president wanted to ...the success of the treaty negotiations, but had to wait until Congress formally approved the agreement)	English
bridle	restrain (New curfew laws have ...people's tendency to go out at night)	English
desiccated	lacking vitality (Few novelists over 80 are able to produce anything more than ...works - boring shadows of former books.)	English
construe	interpret (The author's inability to take aside on the issue was .. By both his opponents and supporters as a sign of weakness)	English
jaundice	bias (Shelly was .. Towards Olivia; though the two had once been best friends, Olivia had become class president, prom queen, and to make matters worse, the girlfriend of the one boy Shelly liked)	English
probity	integrity (The ideal politician would have the ...to lead, but reality gravely falls short of the ideal of morally upright leaders)	English
excoriate	criticize harshly (Entrusted with the prototye to his company's latest smartphone, Larry, during a late night karaoke bout, let the prototype slip into the hands of a rival company -- the next day Larry was ..., then fired.)	English
dogmatic	opinionated (Bryan is ... in his belief that the earth is flat, claiming that all pictures of a spherical earth are computer generated)	English
fraternity	a group of people who have the same job or interest	English
dispensation	exemption (Since her father is a billionaire, she is give .. From many of the school's policies)	English
opinionated	have very strong opinions and refuse to accept that they may be wrong	English
utterance	statement	English
stance	a way of thinking about something	English
semblance	misleading appearance (While the banker maintained a ...of respectability in public, those who knew him well were familiar with his many crimes)	English
balk	refuse to accept (The students were willing to clean up the broken glass, but when the teacher asked them to mop the entire floor, they...citing reasons why they needed to leave.)	English
cogent	convincing (A ... argument will change the minds of even the most skeptical audience)	English
superfluous	more than necessary (How can we hope to stay open if we don't eliminate all ... spending , like catered meetings and free acupuncture Tuesday?)	English
umbrage	offense (Since he was so in love with her, he took .. At her comments, even though she had only meant to gently tease him)	English
straying	mislead	English
trenchant	incisive (Jill presented a rather superficial treatment of sales in Asia, but her ...analysis of sales in Europe inspired a number of insights into how to proceed in that market)	English
checkered	disreputable (one by one, the presidential candidates dropped out of the race, their respective .. Past - from embezzlement to infidelity - sabotaging their campaigns)	English
mockery	the sardonic action	English
disenchanted	disappointed with	English
litany	long account (Mr. Rogers spoke to a Senate committee and did not give a ...of reasons to keep funding the program, but instead, appealed to the basic human decency of all present)	English
untoward	inconvenient (Some professors find teaching ... as having to prepare for lectures and conduct office hours prevents them from focusing on their research)	English
espouse	support a cause (As a college student, Charlie ... Marxism, growing his beard out and railing against the evils of the free market)	English
incumbent	necessary (Middle managers at times make important decisions, but real responsibility for the financial well-being of the corporation is ultimately ...on the CEO)	English
demoralized	having lost confidence or hope; disheartened.	English
red-herring	something, especially a clue, that is or is intended to be misleading or distracting.	English
get the hang of it	begin to understand or realize how to do it	English
keystone habits	small changes or habits that people introduce into their routines that unintentionally carry over into other aspects of their lives	English
concur	agree	English
supersede	take the place of	English
legitimacy	ability to be defended with logic or justification; validity.	English
divergent	conformity to the law or to rules	English
articulate	(adj) having or showing the ability to speak fluently and coherently	English
hypnotize	mesmerize	English
mesmerize	to hold completely the attention or interest	English
resolve	determine	English
adamant	unyielding	English
indifference	apathy	English
futile	pointless	English
check	hold back from doing	English
unyielding	completely unwilling to change a decision	English
evasive	avoiding commitment	English
inarticulate	not speaking clearly	English
intimation	indirect suggestion	English
pragmatic	practical	English
spartan	unconcerned with comfort	English
savvy	well-informed	English
elude	fail to be grasped	English
hound	pursue relentlessly	English
improvident	not careful	English
arduous	requiring great effort	English
forthright	honest in speaking	English
afford	give opportunity for	English
betray	reveal (with gold medal at stake, the gymnast awaited his turn, his quivering lip betraying his intense emotions)	English
primacy	of greatest importance	English
preempt	take the place of	English
languish	become weak	English
fortify	to strengthen	English
hefty	Large in size, height, quantity	English
Realm	Region, area	English
utter	complete	English
stringent	(of regulations, requirements, or conditions) strict, precise, and exacting	English
deterrence	the practice of dissuading bad behavior through the threat of significant punishment	English
budge	make or cause to make the slightest movement	English
exert	v. use authority,influence to make sth happen | make an effort	English
hindrance	one that creates difficulties	English
compel	v. force | oblige to do sth	English
nudge	v. gently tell someone to do without forcing them	English
curb	v.n. restrain or control something	English
instill	v. gradually but firmly establish (an idea or attitude) in a person's mind	English
resort to	phrasal v.  you do not want to do because you cannot find any other way of achieving something	English
galvanize	v. shock or excite someone into taking action	English
intrinsic	adj. belonging  naturally, essential	English
extrinsic	adj. not part of essential nature of someone or something	English
stem from	pv. start to developp as the result of something	English
outsmart	v. to obtain advantage over someony by using your intelligence	English
uphold	v. conserve or defend a principal or law	English
akin to	adj.  ~ similar/like to	English
quintessential	adj. representing the most perfect or most typical example of something	English
hinge on	pv. to depend on	English
expound on	pv. explain in detail	English
constitute	v. to be a part of (local tax funding rose over 10 million pounds by 2018, ....ing an increased share)	English
entail	v. to make something necessary	English
contemporary	existing or happening now	English
encroach	to take control or possession of something in a gradual way and often without being noticed	English
telltail	revealing	English
corollary	consequence	English
admonish	warn	English
vindictive	seeking revenge	English
perpetuate	make happen indefinitely	English
conciliate	make peace with	English
treacherous	involving betrayal	English
halcyon	peaceful	English
surreptitious	stealthy	English
stealthy	quiet and careful in order not to be seen or heard	English
disenfranchise	deprive of votes	English
incessant	not stopping	English
conflagration	large fire	English
perfunctory	done routinely	English
precarious	dangerous	English
preemptive	done first	English
subterfuge	deceit. For example, Finally deciding to abandon all ...., Arthur revealed to Cindy everything about his secret affair over the past two years.	English
baleful	threatening	English
vacillate	waver	English
reprisal	retaliatory action (Eg: The Old Testament doctrine of an eye for an eye is not the kind of retailiation practiced in war, rather, an arm, a leg, and both ears are the ... for the smallest scratch)	English
retaliatory	avengeful	English
blunder	a serious mistake, usually caused by not taking care or thinking	English
exacerbate	make worse	English
serendipity	luck	English
maxim	short saying	English
moribund	about to die	English
encumber	hold back	English
chastise	scold	English
truculence	tendency to fight	English
tempered	moderated in effect	English
hypocrisy	a situation in which someone pretends to believe something that they do not really believe, or that is the opposite of what they do or say at another time	English
gubernatorial	relating to a state governor or the office of state governor	English
presentiment	sense of the future	English
enormity	great wickedness. Example: The (blank) of Pol Pot's regime is hard to capture in words -- within months hundreds of thousands of cambodians lost their lives.	English
ballot	vote	English
legitimate	conforming to the law or to rules.	English
armistice	a formal agreement between two countries or groups at war to stop fighting for a particular time, especially to talk about possible peace	English
infiltrate	to secretly become part of a group in order to get information or to influence the way that group thinks or behaves	English
prevail	to get control or influence	English
flee	escape by running away	English
espionage	spying	English
complicit	taking part in	English
rescind	cancel official	English
tout	advertise strongly	English
vie	compete for	English
collusion	secret cooperation	English
forthcoming	easily available. The president announced that the senators were about to reach a compromise and that he was eager to read (blank) details of the bill	English
bereft	sad because of loss	English
tender	offer up formally. The government was loath to tender more money in the fear that it might set off inflation	English
peripatetic	travelling on foot	English
flounder	struggle	English
acme	highest point (The new Cessna airplanes will be the .. Of comfort, offering reclining seats and ample legroon)	English
rapprochement	reconciliation	English
phantasmagorical	illusive (those suffered from malaria fal into a feverish sleep, their world a whirligig of...; if they recover, they are unsure of what actually took place and what was simply a product of their febrile imaginations)	English
amorphous	shapeless (His study plan for the GRE was at best ..., he would do questions from random pages in any one of seven test prep books)	English
malady	illness (The town was struck by a ... throughout the winter that left most people sick in bed for two weeks)	English
gerrymander	manipulate votes (years ago, savvy politicians had ... the city center to ensure their re-election)	English
melee	wild fight (After enduring daily taunts about my name, I became enraged and pummeled the schoolyard bully and his sycophantic friend in a brutal ...)	English
anomalous	not normal (According to those who do not believe in climate change, the extreme weather over the last five years is simply ... - daily temperatures should return to their old averages, they believe)	English
vanquish	defeat thoroughly (for years, Argentina would dominate in World Cup qualifying matches, only to be ... by one of the European countries during the late stages of the tournament)	English
respite	pause for work (Every afternoon, the small company has a respite in which workers play football or board games)	English
goad	aggressively urge on (Doug did not want to enter the race, but Jim, through a steady stream of taunts, ... him into signing up for it)	English
lionize	celebrate (Students in the US learn to ...Jefferson, Franklin, and Washington because they are the founding fathers of the nation)	English
zeitgeist	spirit of the times (Each decade has it own ...-the 1990's was a prosperous time in which the promise of the American Dream never seemed more palpable)	English
mollify	soothe (In the morning, Harriat was unable to ...Harry, if he happened to become angry, unless he had his cup of coffee)	English
junta	group seizing power (As dangerous of a threat as North Korea is, some analysts believe that were a .. Suddenly to gain power, it could be even more unpredictable and bellicose than the current leadership)	English
atavism	throwback (Much of modern art movement was an ...to a style of art found only in small villages through Africa and South America)	English
internecine	marked by internal strife (The guerilla group, which had become so powerful as to own the state police, was finally destroyed by an ...conflict)	English
broadside	verbal attack (Political ...are usually strongest in the weeks leading up to a national election)	English
strife	strong disagreement or fighting (Money is a major cause of ... in many marriages. )	English
objurgate	scold severely (The manager spent an hour ... the employee in the hopes that he would not make these mistakes again)	English
exhort	encourage (Nelson's parent ..him to study medicine, urging him to choose a respectable profession, intransigent, Nelson left home to become a grffiti artist)	English
arrogate	seize without authority (Arriving at the small town, the outlaw ..the privileges of a lord, asking the frightened citizens to provide foo, drink and entertainment)	English
hegemony	dominance (Until the Spanish Amada was defeated in 1587, Spain had ...over the seas, controlling waters stretching as far as the Americas)	English
inevitable	certain to happen, unavoidable	English
appalling	causing shock or dismay; horrific.	English
deteriorate	become progressively worse	English
undermine	erode the foundation	English
transitory	short-lasting	English
intermittent	occuring on and off	English
unruly	noisy, uncontrollable	English
unassailable	immune to attack	English
corroborate	confirm (Her claim that frog populations were falling precipitously in Central America was ... by locals)	English
jubilant	overjoyed	English
meticulous	detail oriented	English
animosity	extreme hostility (The governor's animosity toward his rival was only inflamed when the latter spread false lies regarding the governor's first term)	English
impending	about to happen	English
thwart	v. To prevent; to halt; to cause to fail; to foil; to frustrate.	English
bemoan	An expression of grief, suffering, or sadness.	English
heyday	pinnacle	English
intrude	to come or go in without permission or welcome	English
gin up	v. stir up or generate some level of enthusiasm or support for something	English
vault out of	 v. quickly exit or escape a situation or place by jumping over it, often implying the use of hands or a pole for support	English
hitherto	adv. until now	English
embark on	pv. start something new	English
wreaking havoc	n. used to describe the destructive or chaotic effects of something or someone	English
unseasoning	not matured or developed by growth or passage of time	English
transient	short-lasting	English
inchoate	not fully formed	English
nuance	subtlety	English
subtlety	a small but important detail	English
celerity	quickness	English
histrionic	over theartrical	English
dilapidated	run down	English
malodorous	stinky	English
disparate	fundamentally different	English
dispatch	speed, efficiency	English
denouement	resolution of a story	English
juggernaut	unstoppable force	English
coalesce	fuse	English
fuse	to join together physically	English
pecuniary	relating to money	English
eclectic	having a variety	English
inviolate	sacred	English
mellifluous	sweet-sounding	English
unflappable	cool under pressure	English
juxtapose	place side by side	English
imponderable	difficult to assess	English
boon	helpful thing	English
obstreperous	noisily defiant	English
stymie	hinder	English
hinder	to limit the ability of someone to do something	English
austere	unadorned	English
unadorned	plain and simple, with little or no make up/ decoration	English
impregnable	indestructible	English
opulence	wealth	English
dearth	shortage	English
magisterial	domineering	English
pittance	small amount (Vinny's uncle beamed smugly about how he'd offered his nephew fifty dollars for his Harvard tuition; even twice the amount would have been a mere pittance)	English
ephemeral	short-lived (The lifespan of a mayfly is ..., lasting from a few hours to a couple of days)	English
veneer	disguising layer (Mark Twain referred to the Victorian Period in America as the Gilded Age, implying the ample moral corruption that lay beneath a mere ... of respectability)	English
ponderous	moving slowly (Landen with 20 kilograms of college text boooks, the freshman move .. across the campus)	English
genteel	refined (A live string quarter would provide a more .. Air to the wedding than would a folk singer)	English
expurgate	censor (The censor .. Every reference to sex and and drugs, converting the rapper's raunchy flow into a series of bleeps)	English
sartorial	relating to clothes (Monte was astute at navigating the world of finance, ...ly, however, he was found wanting - he typically would attempt to complement his beige tie with a gray suit and white pants)	English
circumscribe	restrict with limit (Their tour of South America was... so that they saw only popular destinations and avoided the dangerous parts of cities)	English
conflate	mix together (In her recent book, the author ... several genres -- the detective story, the teen thriller and the vampire romance - to create a memorable read)	English
immure	confine (The modern supermarket experience makes many feel claustrophobic, as they are ... in walls upon walls of products)	English
plodding	slow-moving (Charlie may seem to run at a ...pace, but he is an ultramarathoner, meaning he runs distances of up to 100 miles, and can run for ten hours at a stretch)	English
pithy	concise yet expressive (I enjoy reading the Daodejing for its ..and insightful prose, it always give me something to think about)	English
flammable	chemicals, gases, cloth, or other things catch fire and burn easily.	English
gelatinous	substances or mixtures are wet and sticky	English
glut	excessive supply (the Internet offers such a ...of news related stories that many find it difficult to know which story to read first.)	English
delicate	fragile	English
smear	coat or mark (something) messily or carelessly with a greasy or sticky substance	English
dab	press against (something) lightly with a piece of absorbent material in order to clean or dry it.	English
ceres	is the largest object in the asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter	English
asteroid	is a minor planet of the inner Solar System	English
meteoric	very fast	English
impeccable	flawless	English
nonchalant	appearing unconcerned	English
iconoclastic	defying tradition	English
antiquated	old	English
amply	fully (The boat was amply supplied for its year at sea)	English
compound	make more intense	English
hodgepodge	mixture	English
profusion	abundance	English
cornucopia	abundant supply	English
effervescent	bubbly	English
scrumptious	extremely appetizing or delicious	English
distill	v. extract the most essential meaning/aspect	English
manifold	adj. many and different types	English
splurge on	v. spend a lot of money on buying goods esp. expensive one	English
Reverential	caused by, or full of respect and admiration	English
messiah	a leader who is believed to have the power to solve the world's problems	English
ambivalent	having two opposing feelings at the same time, or being uncertain about how you feel:	English
toil over	To work continually, diligently, and strenuously to complete something	English
wanton	(of something bad, such as damage, cruelty, waste) extreme and showing no care at all	English
clemency	kindness when giving a punishment	English
rhetorical	intended to seem important or influence people:	English
toss off the most pointed barbs	deploy the harshest insults	English
prone to do	likely to suffer from an illness or show a particular negative characteristic:	English
snub	insult someone by not giving them any attention or treating them as they are not important	English
cerebral	brainy	English
swindle	dupe	English
hoodwink	deceive	English
benigh	harmless	English
laudable	praiseworthy	English
commendable	deserving praise	English
dictatorial	extremely bossy	English
badger	pester	English
aphorism	a short clever saying that is intended to express a general truth	English
placate	to stop someone from feeling angry:	English
steadfast	unwavering	English
creditable	good but not great	English
pariah	outcast	English
outcast	a person who has been rejected by society or a social group.	English
aesthetic	relate to beauty	English
ebullient	enthusiastic	English
artific	trickery	English
trickery	wangle	English
squander	waste	English
nettlesome	annoying	English
chargin	dismay	English
dismay	feeling of unhappiness and disapointment	English
antipathy	hatred	English
lachrymose	weepy	English
morose	gloomy	English
weepy	feeling likely to cry	English
dog	pursue	English
antic	grotesque	English
grotesque	strange and unpleasant, especially in a silly or slightly frightening way	English
jingoist	overly patriotic	English
patriotic	showing love for your country and being proud of it	English
malinger	avoid work	English
apprehension	anxiety	English
endemic	native	English
enmity	hate	English
clemency	mercy	English
illustrious	famous	English
epigram	witty saying	English
witty	using words in a clever and funny way:	English
lethargic	weary	English
weary	tiresome	English
avarice	greed	English
noisome	foul-smelling	English
fawn	flatter extremely	English
tempestuous	intensely emotional	English
precipitate	hasty	English
spendthrift	wasteful with money	English
concede	admit wrongdoing	English
anemic	lacking energy	English
uncanny	strange, unsetting	English
affable	likeable	English
dolorous	sorrowful	English
deride	v. treat or speak of with contempt	English
smug	self-satisfied	English
tribulation	suffering	English
puissant	powerful	English
unimpeachable	blameless	English
inure	v. to accustom or become accustomed to something, especially something unpleasant or difficult	English
sardonic	mocking	English
dovetail	fit together tightly	English
sagacious	wise	English
scrupulous	using extreme care	English
patronize	treat condescendingly	English
contemptuous	scornful	English
scornful	look down sb	English
credulity	tendency to believe	English
flippant	not showing respect	English
emulate	imitate	English
officious	meddlesome	English
ethereal	extremely delicate	English
gaffe	social blunder	English
firebrand	troublemaker	English
pundit	expert	English
retiring	shy	English
irascible	easily angered	English
percipient	perceptive	English
idiosyncrasy	peculiarity	English
peculiarity	the quality of being strange or unusual, or an unusual characteristic or habit	English
impecunious	lacking money	English
miscreant	lawbreaker	English
hauter	extreme pride	English
complaisance	willingness to please others by being polite and fitting in with their plans	English
apathetic	uncaring	English
grandiloquent	pompous	English
pompous	arrogant	English
hubris	excessive pride	English
capitulate	surrender	English
solicitous	anxious to please	English
resignation	accepting the unpleasant	English
ingenuity	cleverness	English
voracious	very hungry	English
eminent	highly respected	English
exasperate	annoy	English
prosaic	dull	English
exalt	praise highly. Eg: the teenage ... the rock star, covering their bedrooms with posters of him.	English
fledging	inexperienced	English
abjure	give up	English
stalwart	dependable	English
conniving	conspiring to do bad	English
imperious	domineering. Eg. Children are .. With each other before they learn that earning someone's respect is better than demanding	English
domineering	bossy	English
deceit	keep the truth hidden	English
innocuous	completely harmless	English
ordain	to officially make someone a priest or other religious leader	English
desperado	someone who is willing to do things that involve risk or danger, often criminal things	English
anathema	something that is strongly disliked or disapproved of	English
congenital	(of a disease or physical abnormality) present from birth	English
paternalistic	making decisions for other people rather than letting them take responsibility for their own lives	English
curmudgeon	grouch. (Eg: Since Uncle Mike was the family (blank), each thanksgiving he was plied with copious amount of wine, in the hope that he would become less grouchy)	English
grouch	.n, .v a person who often complains	English
browbeat	boss around bully. Example: During the interrogation, the suspect was browbeaten into signing a false confession.	English
bristle	react angrily	English
pliantiff	someone who makes a legal complaint against someone else in court	English
reflex	a physical reaction to something that you cannot control	English
foolhardy	rash	English
rash	softheaded	English
bellicose	warlike	English
warlike	belligerent	English
consummate	masterful. Tyler was (blank) musician: he was able to play the guitar, harmonica, and the drum at the same time	English
self-effacing	modest. The most admirable teachers and respected leaders are those who are (blank), directing attention and praise to their students and workers	English
vehement	intensely emotional	English
cow	intimidate	English
intimidate	threaten	English
boorish	ill-mannered	English
penurious	poor	English
imprudent	not wise	English
philistine	hater of culture	English
urbane	sophisticated	English
effrontery	cheeky behaviour	English
martinet	disciplinarian	English
phlegmatic	not showing emotion	English
aplomb	coolness under strain	English
vituperate	scold hashly	English
fecund	mentally productive	English
obstinate	stubborn	English
derogative	insulting	English
loath	reluctant	English
despot	tyrant	English
artless	without deception	English
deception	subterfuge	English
erudite	scholarly	English
con artist	a person who deceives others	English
destitute	poor	English
diabolical	wicked	English
asperity	harshness of manner	English
pine	yearn for	English
yearn	asprie, crave	English
confound	utterly confuse	English
impetuous	rash	English
contrite	remorseful	English
remoseful	feeling sad and guilty	English
humdrum	lacking excitement	English
alacrity	eager willingness	English
ribald	comically vulgar	English
vulgar	trivial	English
sullen	brooding	English
brooding	worried	English
mettlesome	courageous	English
insipid	dull, bland	English
capricious	impulsive	English
impulsive	having the power of or activity driving or impelling	English
plucky	courageous	English
lampoon	poke fun at (Mark Twain understood that ... a bad idea with humor was the most effective criticism)	English
tawdry	cheap, showy (Carol expected to find New York city magical, the way so many movies had portrayed it, but she was surprised how often... displays took the place of genuine elegance)	English
hoary	ancient (Most workout gurus are young, fit people, whereas most yoga gurus are ... men with long white beards)	English
sanctimonious	holier-than-thou (Even during the quiet sanctity of evening prayer, she held her chin high, a ... sneer forming on her face as she eyed those who were attending church for the first time)	English
holier-than-thou	charaterized by an attitude of moral superiority	English
timorous	shy	English
haughty	arrogant (The ... manager didn't believe that any of his subordinates could ever have an insight as brilliant his own.)	English
callow	inexperienced (Both Los Angeles and New York are known for ... out of towners hoping to make it big)	English
cupidity	greed for money (Some believe people that amassing as much wealth as possible is the meaning to life - yet they often realize that .. Brings anything but happiness)	English
viracious	not live directly (The advent of twitter is a celebrity stalker's dream, as he or she can - through hundreds of intimate tweets - ... live the life of a famous person.)	English
rile	annoy (dan is usually calm and balanced but it takes only one intense glare from Sabrina to .. Him)	English
fell	evil (For fans of the Harry Potters, the ... Lord Voldermort who terrorized poor Harry for seven lengthy installments has finally been vanquishedly by the forces of good - unless, that is, JK Rowling decides to come out of retirement.)	English
kowtow	bow to (Paul ... to his boss so often the boss herself became nauseated by his sycophancy)	English
bow to	to do what someone else wants you to do, usually unwillingly	English
vacuous	lacking intelligence	English
scintillating	brilliant	English
indigent	poor	English
besotted	very infatuated	English
infatuated	possessed with an intense but short-lived passion or admiration for someone.	English
garrulous	talkative	English
amok	frenzied	English
frenzied	foolhardy (Wherever the bowl haircut teen idon went his legions of screaming fans ran through the street ..., hoping for a glance at his boyish face)	English
insolent	rude	English
inanity	silliness	English
lascivious	perverted (Lolita is a challenging novel for many, not necessarily because of the elevated prose style but because of the depravity of the main character, Humbert Humbert, who, as an old, .. Man, fall in lowve with a girl)	English
myopic	shortsighted (The company ultimately went out of business because the ... managers couldn't predict the changes in their industry)	English
mendicant	beggar (Tolsoy was an arisocrat but he strove to understand the Christianity of the Russian peasnt by wandering among them as a ..)	English
snide	indirect mocking (The chairman interpreted Taylor's question about promotions as a .. Remark, but in all innocence Taylor was trying to figure out the company's process)	English
ostentatious	showy (Matt wanted to buy stone lions for front of the house, but Cynthia convinced him that such a display would be too .. For a modest house in an unassuming neighborhood)	English
sycophant	flatterer (The CEO was unaware of the damaging consequences of his choices, largely because he surrounded himself with ... who would never dare criticize him.)	English
facetious	humorous (... behaviour will not be tolerated during sex education class, it's time for all of you to treat these matters like mature adults)	English
schadenfreude	joy in others' suffering (From his warm apartment window, Stanley reveled in .. As he laughed at the figures below, huddled together in the artic chill)	English
unprepossessing	unremarkable (World leaders coming to meet Gandhi would expect a towering sage, and often would be surprised by the ... little man dressed only in a loincloth and shawl)	English
maladroit	clumsy (As a child she was quite .. But as an adult, she has become an adept dancer)	English
clumsy	heavyhanded	English
peevish	irritable (Our office manager is ..., so the rest of us tip-toe around him, hoping not to set off another one of his fits)	English
irritable	become annoy very easily	English
ignoble	dishonorable (In the 1920s, The world series was rigged -- an .. .act which baseball took decades to recover from)	English
fastidious	fussy (Whitney is ... about her shoes, arranging them on a shelf in a specific order, each pair evenly spaced)	English
behoove	be one's duty (The teacher looked down at the student and said, It would ... you to be in class on time and complete your homework so that you don't repeat freshman English for a third straight year)	English
aboveboard	honest (The mayor, despite his avunular face plastered about the city, was hardly ... - some concluded that it was his ingratiating smile that allowed him to engage in corrupt behaviour and get away with it)	English
implacable	unable to be calmed	English
aesthete	appreciator of beauty (A true ..., Marty would spend hours at the Guggenheim Museum, staring at the same Picasso)	English
vaunted	boasted about(For years, Mark talked up his Ping Pong game, yet when he entered the office tournament, his much .. Skills suddenly failed him and he lost all three games he played)	English
quip	witty remark (in one of the most famous .. About classical music, Mark Twain said: Wagner's music is better than it sounds)	English
boast about	express something that they have done or that they own, they talk about it very proudly, in a way that other people may find irritating or offensive	English
besiege	harass (After discovering a priceless artifact in her backyard, Jane was ...by phone calls, emails, and reporters all trying to buy, hold or see the rare piece of history)	English
begrudge	envy (Sitting all alone in his room, Harvey ... the happiness of the other children playing outside his window)	English
besmirch	dishonor (The prince's distasteful choice of words ...not only his own name, but the reputation of the entire royal family.)	English
supercilious	arrogant (Nelly fet the Quiz Bowl director acted ... towards the underclassmen; really she fumed, must he act so preternaturally omniscient each time he intones some obscure fact)	English
pugnacious	combative (The comedian told one flat joke after another, and when the audience started booing, he ... spat back at them,Hey you think this is easy - why don't you buffoons give it a shot?)	English
claustrophobia	extreme or irrational fear of confined places	English
intrepid	fearless (Captain Ahab was an ..captain whose reckless and fearless style ultimately leads to his downfall)	English
cadeverous	corpse-like (Some actors take challenging roles in which they have to lose so much weight that they appear ...)	English
guffaw	laugh loudly (Whenever the jester fell to the ground in mock pain, the king .., exposing his yellow, fang-like teeth.)	English
deign	stoop to (The master of the house never .. To answer questions from the servants)	English
stoop to	a posture in which the head and shoulders are habitually bent forward.	English
unstinting	very generous (Helen is ...with her time, often spending hours at the house of a sick friend)	English
bilious	grumpy (Rex was ..all morning, and his face would only take on a look of contentedness when he'd had his morning cup of coffee)	English
grumpy	bad tempered and irritable	English
perspicacious	very insightful (Many modern observers regard Eisenhower as .., particularly in his accurate prediction of the growth of the military.)	English
raconteur	storyteller (Jude is entertaining, but he is no .., beyond the handful of amusing stories he has memorized he has absolutely no spontaneous story-telling ability)	English
pontificate	speak pompously (The vice-president would often ...about economic theory, as if no oneelse in the room were qualified to speak on the topic)	English
magnanimous	likely to forgive (He was a great sportman, in defeat he was complementary and in victory he was ..)	English
obdurate	stubborn (no number of pleas and bribes would get him to change his ...attitude)	English
choleric	easily angered (while a brilliant lecturer, Mr. Dawson came across as..and unapproachable -- very rarely did students come to his office hours)	English
vilify	speak ill of (Todd was noble after the divorce, choosing to say only complimentary things abot Barbara, but Barbara did not hesitate to ..Todd)	English
temerity	fearless daring (No child has the ..to go in the rundown house at the end of the street and see if it is haunted)	English
jejune	immature (Although many top chefs have secured culinary foam's popularity in haute cuisine, Waters criticizes it for being ...and unfilling)	English
acerbic	harsh (Most movie critics are ..towards summer blockbusters, often refering to them as garbage)	English
ersatz	fake (The car dealer's ...laughter was immediately followed by a price quote, one that Shelly found highly inflated)	English
pollyannaish	overly optimistic (Even in the midst of a lousy sales quarter, Debbie remained ...,never losing her shrill voice and wide smile, even when prospective customers hung up on her)	English
gregarious	sociable (Often we think that great leaders are those who are gregarious, always in the middle of a large group of people, yet, as Mahatma Gandhi and many others have shown us, leaders can also be introverted)	English
errant	used to describe someone who behaves recklessly or who is irresponsible. For example, The errant driver caused a multi-car accident on the freeway	English
gumption	resourcefulness (Wallace Stegner lamented the lack of ..in the US during the sixties, claiming that no young person knew the value of work)	English
dilettante	dabbler (Fred has no formal medical training, while he likes to claim authority on medical issues, he is little more than a ...)	English
dabbler	someone who takes a slight and not very serious interest in a subject, or tries a particular activity for a short period	English
panegyric	formal praise (Dave asked Andrew to do just a simple toast, but Andrew launched into a full ..., enumeratiing a complete list of Dave achievements and admirable qualities)	English
wanton	showing no limits (Due to ..behavior and crude language, the drunk man was thrown out of the bar and asked to never return)	English
incisive	acute	English
staunch	dependable (No longer a ...supporter of Anarchism, Terry now sometimes questions whether society would be better off withot defined hierachies)	English
contrition	remorse (Those who show ..during their prison terms - especially when under review by a parole board - often get shortened sentences)	English
nitwit	stupid and silly	English
superstition	belief in things that are not real or possible, for example magic.	English
prick	vulgar, obsolete	English
muttonhead	a person lacking intelligence	English
dumbbell	foolish	English
cretin	stupid, imbecile	English
dignity	the state or quality of being worthy of honor or respect.	English
deranged	corrupt	English
cocoon	the covering made of soft, smooth threads that surrounds and protects particular insects during the pupa stage as they develop into adult form	English
timid	showing a lack of courage or confidence	English
saboteur	a person who deliberately damages or destroys things such as machines	English
sybarite	lover of luxury (Despite the fact that he'd maxed out fifteen credit cards, Max was still a ...at heart)	English
untrammeled	not limit (The whole notion of living ...inspired the American Revolution and was enshrined in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution)	English
hector	bully (The boss's ...ing manner put off many employees, some of whom quit as soon as they found new jobs)	English
panache	distinctive style (Jim with his typical ...came to the wedding reception with a top hat, a cane, and a long cape covered in sequins)	English
dissemble	act deceitfully (To get close to the senator, the assassin ...his intentions, convincing many people that he was a reporter for a well-known newspaper)	English
fractious	irritable (We rarely invite my ...Uncle Nino over for dinner, he always complains about the food, and usually launches into a tirade on some touchy subject)	English
craven	cowardly (Though the man could have at least alerted the police, he crouched ...in the corner as the old woman was mugged)	English
macabre	gruesome (Edgar Allen Poe was considered the master of the ...: his stories vividly describe the moment leading up to - and often those moments after - a grisly death.)	English
apostate	rejector of faith (An ...of the Republican Party, Sheldon has yet to become affiliated with any party and dubs himself as an independence)	English
speculate	to guess possible answers to a question when you do not have enough information to be certain	English
reckless	doing something dangerous and not worrying about the risks and the possible results	English
bulldog	a person noted for courageous or stubborn tenacity	English
manifestation	an event, action, or object that clearly shows or embodies something, especially a theory or an abstract idea.	English
inferior	lower in rank	English
gratify	give (someone) pleasure or satisfaction.	English
exemplar	model	English
discreet	careful	English
autocratic	tyrannical	English
dissipate	squander	English
indecorous	impolite	English
accolade	high praise (Jean Paul-Sartre was not a fan of ... and such, he refused to accept the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1964)	English
affluent	wealthy	English
disingenuous	pretending to be honest	English
miser	one who is cheap	English
avid	enthusiastice, keen	English
demean	insult (at first the soccer players bantered back and forth, but as soon as one of the players became ...)	English
lament	a passionate expression of grief or sorrow	English
contemptuous	scornful	English
debonair	sophisticated, charming	English
assiduously	with great care	English
yammer	to whine or complain	English
chivalrous	marked by honor, courtesy, and courage	English
Vocation	(n) any trade, profession, or occupation; a sense of fitness or special calling for one's work	English
bashful	feeling embarrassed due to modesty	English
courteous	nice and showing respect        	English
hush	a sudden calm, silent	English
haphazard	unorganized	English
prevalent	worldwide spread	English
taciturn	quiet	English
ascendancy	dominant position (the ... of the Carishad water polo team is clear - they have a decade of championships behind them)	English
rarefied	refined (Jack's vulgar jokes were not so successful in the ... environment of college professors)	English
eponym	derived from a name (Alexandria, Egypt is an .. Because it is named after the Alexander the Great)	English
convivial	friendly and lively (The wedding reception was ... ; friends who hadn't seen each other for ages drank and ate together before heading to the dance floor.)	English
factitious	artifical (The defendant's story was largely ... and did not accord with eyewitness testimonies)	English
conspicuous	obvious (Among the tall trees and flower fields, the building seemed out of place with its ...,col concrete and angular steel exterior.)	English
confine	prison	English
interior	n. of something is the inside part of it	English
universal	of, affecting, or done by all people or things in the world or in a particular group; applicable to all cases.	English
Fruition	The state of being real	English
ubiquitous	adj. found or existing everywhere	English
secrete	produce and discharge (a substance)	English
nectar	a sugar-rich liquid produced by plants	English
didacticism	Didacticism is a term that refers to a particular philosophy in art and literature that emphasizes the idea that different forms of art and literature ought to convey information and instructions, along with pleasure and entertainment.	English
discourse	written or spoken communication or debate.	English
equivocate	speak vaguely	English
decorum	proper conduct	English
pertinent	revelant	English
consecrate	make holy	English
holy	related to religion or a god	English
diatribe	verbal attack	English
ostracize	exclude	English
unpropitious	unlikely to be successful	English
machinate	scheme	English
belligerent	eager to fight	English
trite	lacking originality	English
apothegm	short saying	English
chimera	illusion	English
elusive	hard to pin down, to describe, find, achieve, or remember	English
tirade	angry speech	English
verisimilitude	appearance of truth	English
involved	complicated	English
malfeasance	misconduct	English
punctilious	overly precise	English
proscribe	ban	English
defiant	proudly refusing to obey authority	English
exonerate	free from blame. Eg: the document clearly indicated that Nick was out of the state at the time of the crime and so served to ... him of any charges	English
ostensible	appearing or claiming to be one thing when it is really something else	English
creed	a set of beliefs that influences the way you live	English
tangential	(of a subject or activity) different from or not directly connected with the one you are talking about or doing	English
sterling	excellent, valuable	English
cosseted	overly pampered	English
pampered	given special treatment that makes you feel as comfortable as possible or gives you whatever you want	English
quixotic	wildly impractical. Example: for every thousand startups with quixotic plans to be the next big name in ecommere, only a handful ever become profitable	English
esoteric	understood by few	English
tumult	chaos, confusion	English
inkling	vague sense	English
inflammatory	controversial	English
wax	increase gradually (her enthusiasm for the diva's new album only waxed with each song, by the end of the album, it was her favourite CD yet.)	English
protean	versatile	English
versatile	able to change easily	English
anodyne	that which soothes (Muzak, which is played in department stores, is intended to be an ... but is often so cheesy and over the top that customers become irritated)	English
peruse	read closely (Instead of ... important documents, people all too often rush to the bottom of the page and plaster their signatures at the bottom.)	English
sanguin	cheerful (with the prospect of having to learn 3,000 words during the course of the summer, Paul was anything but ...)	English
elegiac	mournful (Few can listen to the ... opening bars of the Moonlight sonata without feeling the urge to cry)	English
mournful	sorrowful	English
amalgam	mixture (the bland's music was an .. Of hihphop, flamenco and jazz, blening the three styles with suprising results)	English
incongruous	lacking harmony (the vast economic inequality of modern society is .. With America's ideals.	English
unscrupulous	unethical (In the courtroom, the lawyer was .. , using every manner of deceit and manipulation to secure a victory for himself)	English
ineffable	cant be put in words (While art critics can occasionally pinpoint a work's greatness, much of why a piece captures our imaginations is completely ...	English
immutable	not changeable (Taxes are one of the ... laws of the land, so there is no use arguing about paying them)	English
brook	put up with (While she was at the chalkboard, the teacher did not ... any form of talking - even a tiny peep resulted in afternoon detention)	English
byzantine	overly complex (Getting a drive's license is not simply a matter of taking a test, the regulations and procedures are so ... that many have found themselves at the mercy of the department of Motor vehicles)	English
maudlin	overly emotional (Just as those who were alive during the 70s are mortified that they once cavorted about in bellbottoms, many who lived during the 80s are aghast at the ... pop songs they used to enjoy - really, just what exactly is a total eclipse of the heart?)	English
arcane	obscure (Most college franternities are known for ...rituals that those hoping to join the fraternity must learn)	English
proselytize	attempt to convert (Lise loves her Mac but says little about it; by contrast, Jake will ..., interrogating anyone with an Android about why she didn't purchase an iPhone)	English
hackneyed	cliché (Cheryl rolled her eyes when she heard the lecturer's ...advice to be true to yourself	English
lugubrious	overly sad (at the funeral, ...song filled the small church)	English
poignant	emotionally touching (After the Montagues and Capulets discover the dead bodies of Romeo and Juliet, in the play's most ..moment, the two griefstricken families agree to end their feud once and for all)	English
invective	abusive language (The internet has unleashed the ...in many of us, many people post stinging criticism on the comment section)	English
graft	corruption (In countries with rampant ..getting a driver's license can require no more than paying an official)	English
abstruse	incomprehensible (Physics textbooks can seem so ...to the uninitiated that readers feel as though they are looking at hieroglyphics)	English
convoluted	extremely complex and difficult to follow	English
sediment	matter that settles to the bottom of a liquid; dregs	English
surmise	suppose that something is true without having evidence to confirm it	English
strata	a level or class to which people are assigned according to their social status, education, or income.	English
pentameter	is a poetic meter	English
oblique	difficult to understand (Mr Golding delivered an... warning, talking of the danger of sudden action.)	English
tatalizing	tormenting or teasing with the sight or promise of something unobtainable.	English
clich�	betray a lack of origins	English
subsistence farming	that provides enough food for the farmer and their family to live on, but not enough for them to sell	English
arbitrary	random	English
opaque	tough to understand	English
imbide	absorb ideas (Plato .. Socrates' teaching to such an extent that he was able to write volumes of work that he directly attributed)	English
contagious	adj.  spread from one person or organism to another	English
permeate	v. to spread through something and be present in every part of it	English
imprint	v. to make a surface by pressing sth into it for fix sth firmly in the memory	English
persistent	lasting for long time or difficult to get rid of	English
upswing	an increase or improvement	English
nadir	lowest point	English
attenuate	taper off	English
taper off	to become gradually smaller or less frequent	English
fickle	change unpredictably	English
inimitable	without equal	English
upheaval	a great change	English
morph	change dramatically	English
copious	abundant	English
entice	tempt	English
aberrant	abnormal	English
cede	give up control	English
presumptuous	overly forward	English
prolific	productive	English
patent	glaringly obvious	English
ascribe	attribute	English
inundate	flood	English
provident	planning ahead	English
replete	fully stocked	English
ameliorate	improve. Three cups of tea tells the story of western man who hopes to blank poverty and the lack of education in afghanistan	English
quandary	uncertainty	English
surfeit	excessive amount	English
antedate	precede	English
flush	abundant	English
burgeon	grow rapidly (China's housing market is ..., but some predict that the growth is merely, a bubble and will burst much like the US real estate bubble of 2008)	English
apotheosis	height of development (as difficult as it is to imagine, the ..of Mark Zuckerberg's career, many believe is yet to come.)	English
buck	resist (The profits at our firm .. The general downturn that affected the real estate industry)	English
prognostication	prediction (When the Senator was asked about where the negotiations would lead, he said that any guess he could make would be an unreliable ...)	English
flux	n.  quandary (Ever since Elvira resigned as the head of marketing, evrerything about our sale strategy has been in state of ..)	English
tractable	easily managed (compared to middle school students, who have an untamed wildness about them, high school students are somewhat more..)	English
suppress	prevent the development, action, or expression of (a feeling, impulse, idea, etc.); restrain.	English
avert	prevent	English
appreciable	noticeable	English
perturb	disturb	English
exponential	adj. dramatic (increase)	English
plunge	v. fall / to become lower in value very quickly	English
Repercussions	n.  the usually bad effect of an event, action, or decision	English
impunity	n. freedom from punishment	English
hone	v. refine or perfect (often for skill, capacity, experience)	English
innate	adj. natural, original (+ ability) 	English
adjacent to	adj. ~ next to 	English
leg up	n. an advantage or head start	English
acquisition	n. the act of obtaining or beginning to have something, or something obtain	English
ate it up	pv. enthusiastic ejoyed and appreciated	English
pump for	pv. excited and ready for something	English
volunteer gig	a short-term volunteering opportunity or job	English
stark contrast	a clear and noticeable difference	English
lo and behold	adv. something that you say when you tell someone about something surprising that happened	English
pyrotechnics	a show of great skill, especially by a musician or someone giving a speech:	English
holograms	an image made with a laser beam, in which the objects shown look like they have depth rather than appearing flat and can seem to move	English
props	objects or items used on stage or in a performance to enhance the setting or portray a character	English
feast	a large, special meal, often for many people, to celebrate someone or something	English
fleeting	adj. brief or quick	English
ample	adj. enough or more than enough	English
relent	v. to do something you had refused to do before	English
plead with	v. to earnestly and desperately request or beg for something	English
buzz	n. excitement or hype surrounding something	English
rave about	v. to speak or write about something with great enthusiasm	English
rejuvenate	v. to make someone look or young and energetic again	English
dip into	v.Using or spending a portion of something, typically money, that is meant to be saved or reserved	English
gratification	n. pleasure or satisfaction, or something which provides this	English
intricacy	a detail that is part of something complicated	English
leeway	a freedom to act within certain limits	English
in retrospect	looking back on the past	English
judiciously	adv. in a way has or shows reason and good judgment in making decision	English
chiropractic	a form of alternative medicine that focuses on the diagnosis and treatment of mechanical disorders of the musculoskeletal system, especially the spine, through manual manipulation	English
早上好	Chào buổi sáng!	Chinese
星期天	Hôm nay là Chủ nhật.	Chinese
orthodox	following or conforming to the traditional or generally accepted rules or beliefs of a religion, philosophy, or practice	English
起 床	Dậy đi, dậy đi, dậy đi	Chinese
懒 腰	Đầu tiên, hãy giãn cơ.	Chinese
洗 漱	Tiếp theo, tôi cần đi vệ sinh để rửa mặt.	Chinese
洗 脸	Sau đó rửa mặt.	Chinese
illicit	forbiden by law	English
涂 唇 膏	Thoa son môi	Chinese
清 洗	Dọn dẹp	Chinese
蜂 蜜	Đây là mật ong.	Chinese
diffusion	speading of something widely	English
